So deaths and number of core module finished.
You learned how to store your data not just locally in memory which you of course need for the running
app but also how to store it on a server so that you can get it after your app restarted.
Or importantly also on other devices using this app because you're not the only user of does application
and whilst you sometimes have data that only belongs to you.
The products in a shop certainly aren't all that kind.
So it's good that we can now store them on a server.
You'll learn how to store data there how to send requests how to send requests to change or delete data
how to fetch data how to show a loading spinner.
Also how to use this pull to refresh functionality how to show errors if you got some.
All of that is important and all of these things are things or features you will need in most applications
you build they offer.
This was a key module hopefully helpful to you in future applications.
And with that in this project here we can move on to also add authentication.